Fireman, Karen: hi how are you.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh good okay now.
Capstone Coach 1: it's just you I mean.
Fireman, Karen: yeah I think others may be having trouble.
Fireman, Karen: i'm on here twice, let me get off the second one hold on i'm leaving one.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, just me hi Hello Leah.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh leo's here.
Fireman, Karen: yeah I have a dumb question that keeps coming up on my on my spider and it doesn't seem to stop anything but it has a lot of um I guess garbage trying to find where it shows up, can I just show you really quickly.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm oh sure sure sure.
Fireman, Karen: yeah the screen it's very weird on here it is so in the middle.
Fireman, Karen: You see this stuff here.
Capstone Coach 1: And then Oh yes, I can see it.
Fireman, Karen: Yes, so the everything works.
Capstone Coach 1: But.
Fireman, Karen: That stuff shows up at the top At first I kept thinking it wasn't working and then I went away and came back, I was like oh it did work so it's very weird it starts off everything's fine and then this that's the epics and that's all good.
Fireman, Karen: And then everything's good until.
Fireman, Karen: Next time mistress doing and again we're.
Fireman, Karen: doing it, I don't see it now, but sometimes Is this all this garbage It just shows up, and it was doing it last week, too, I tried to get you on your Q amp a last week, but I missed, you also had trouble Do you know what this is about, or do I have to worry about it or not.
Capstone Coach 1: Well let's take a look at it.
Capstone Coach 1: move it up a little bit when you see what happened.
Fireman, Karen: Oh sure at the top here that part of the top.
Capstone Coach 1: It says.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so it's so it bombed before you got started at the va respond to critique box number one.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, so so something was wrong like maybe I didn't initialize something.
Capstone Coach 1: That look just look at your your thing there.
Capstone Coach 1: well.
Fireman, Karen: Thank you, Kim doing it, but it was doing it last week, let me just see for a second going down real fast to the bottom and see if it the last one I read did it.
Capstone Coach 1: mm hmm.
Fireman, Karen: No right here didn't do it, it just but it didn't do it last week a lot now do it after a while so there's something I didn't initialize realized, it was stopping i'm quite back up to.
Capstone Coach 1: or usually what's happening there is there's a there's a problem with your code in the in the model.
Capstone Coach 1: there's a mismatch between your your code and your data or something.
Capstone Coach 1: So.
Fireman, Karen: Last week happening and everything would work afterwards, but it kept happening in the beginning, the other question I have is what does batch actually mean the batch size, what does it mean.
Capstone Coach 1: that's the Sunday in your model statement that's the batch size it's it if you look at your code on the left hand side here.
Fireman, Karen: uh huh.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: See you have it.
Fireman, Karen: I know we can change that parameter, but I wasn't sure what it what it referred to, what do you.
Capstone Coach 1: Think I think it's referring to they were says filters is.
Capstone Coach 1: And you have filters equal to 64 basically.
Fireman, Karen: Right.
Fireman, Karen: And what is.
Capstone Coach 1: Wait a minute you change that size to 256.
Fireman, Karen: I did change it, I, but I just want to location was doing it, I was 121 28, but I wonder what it meant.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, if you take a look down at the fit statement, so you have compile and below that is the fifth good on your code there.
Capstone Coach 1: You see, it says batch size is equal to size.
Fireman, Karen: i'm missing that which line, am I looking for because i'm missing.
Capstone Coach 1: To 19.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, two to 19 yeah batch physical size, yes.
Fireman, Karen: Oh.
Fireman, Karen: Oh size is 128 so I wasn't actually there that's pretty funny Okay, but what does it mean, though.
Capstone Coach 1: That every pot it there's a certain number of batches that are run and that number controls, the number of batches that are run to fit the data.
Capstone Coach 1: And in this case it's set to 128, which is a good number for these data, if you made it smaller it's going to run slower will have more more batches actually and if you make it larger little run faster because you'll have fewer batches that are being run.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, so it's really the number of.
Capstone Coach 1: Information, if you want to know if you want to know how many observations are being run in each batch.
Capstone Coach 1: You take that number 128 and then divided into 60,000 we get a big number yeah so i'm.
Fireman, Karen: God I got you.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah okay.
Fireman, Karen: terrific Okay, thank you um yeah cuz I when I was changing I went to know what it what is actually doing and the filters, what does that mean oh that was up here, so we have filters equals 64 i'm sorry.
Fireman, Karen: it's over here I guess here.
Capstone Coach 1: it's the number of filters in the convolution you're basically when you're running a convolution like you have several convolution layers here.
Fireman, Karen: Right.
Capstone Coach 1: And you have filter size of the number of filters is set on each one of them, and your code it's set to 60 for all of them.
Capstone Coach 1: Right, you could change that you could have fewer or alarm more filters in the convolution that controls, how many.
Capstone Coach 1: filters, there are placed over each photograph because what's happening in convolution is that it's moving the the filters by smoothing the photograph by rather.
Capstone Coach 1: By putting a filter on top of the photograph and this case it's a three by three filter because your your size your kernel size is three.
Fireman, Karen: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: No, sorry the statements that you've got there.
Capstone Coach 1: Right, so that means that you're the filter is a three by three window it's placed on top of the of the photograph and moved across the photograph and how many of filters view, have you got 64 is what's what this is saying.
Capstone Coach 1: 64 different ones, each one of them has weights right each each filter has weights nine weights, so those were what's being estimated in the and the neural network process here to get the best filtered image.
Fireman, Karen: In the cm E weights on this bottle.
Fireman, Karen: In the filter the weights, on the other, model are on the neurons is that right.
Capstone Coach 1: What other model you're talking about.
Fireman, Karen: The one we were doing first yesterday.
Capstone Coach 1: Not this fall so that's a different approach to that.
Capstone Coach 1: there's no filtering of the photographs at all all you're doing is taking the raw data from the photographs and you run that through a.
Capstone Coach 1: Free forward a neural network on nlp multi layer preceptor on network and there's no attempt to filter the images at all, and as a result, what you'll see is the number of leads in that network are huge.
Fireman, Karen: Right so.
Capstone Coach 1: When you when you run the convolution it reduces the number of weights, that you have to that are being estimated and that's what gives it a better fit in general.
Capstone Coach 1: Because you're getting better results are the same results with using fewer weights and that's being done by filtering by smoothing the images and basically collapsing them down to a smaller dimension.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, one last question on that.
Fireman, Karen: So so here this part of the side these parameters over here on the side.
Fireman, Karen: So in the other model, they were neurons or you have another preceptor plus I called neurons so they were neurons are an A so I know they add up to 115 I did I am I checked it out.
Capstone Coach 1: You know.
Fireman, Karen: There were these the neurons still.
Capstone Coach 1: Are the know that's the number of waits.
Fireman, Karen: waits now.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah so.
Capstone Coach 1: that's the number of lines that are in the network, you can think of it that way in the in the nlp network every line connecting you know one.
Capstone Coach 1: Data point to an Iran and that kind of thing Those are all individual weights and there'll be an estimated to optimize the prediction of the the digit you know this case you have 10 different possible predictions, and so you have two different approaches that nlp approach.
Capstone Coach 1: can produce good results in this case it produces fair results bit of overfitting, I think, and in this case, what we're doing in the second case in the convolution case.
Capstone Coach 1: What we're doing is we're actually pre processing the photograph itself we're reducing the size of the number of bits that are being used to represent they put a graph originally it's 28 by 28 and we gradually shrink them down at the bottom there it's.
Fireman, Karen: Right right.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah.
Fireman, Karen: yeah yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah no.
Fireman, Karen: And then, lastly, this nonsense in here I forgot what is that not be.
Capstone Coach 1: That.
Capstone Coach 1: that's used, I think, with color photographs so number of channels and.
Capstone Coach 1: It basically was not specified here so that's what it's saying.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, I just do that.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah okay.
Fireman, Karen: i'm done hogging the floor i'm going to give it back Thank you day.
Capstone Coach 1: Sure yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, Jim how about you have you got any questions for the line.
Jim Clark: I I think a general question I think i'm going to try the try this assignment over the over the next week I guess the base cases the what we're working with and then start tweaking.
Jim Clark: Is i'm trying to decide whether to treat.
Capstone Coach 1: OK, I can help you with i'll help you with that i'll help you.
Jim Clark: Know tangibly or just tweak.
Jim Clark: One thing you know i'm a nod you turn you.
Jim Clark: i'm thinking you learn learn just.
Jim Clark: Make one change at a time.
Jim Clark: There was.
Capstone Coach 1: Some ups, let me show you let me show you share my screen with you here and show you a little bit.
Capstone Coach 1: get to that question will share okay there we go.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so i'm gonna i'm gonna clear clear off the.
Capstone Coach 1: Wait a minute, let me.
Capstone Coach 1: Clear the console.
Capstone Coach 1: The right hand side there we go, so this is the CNN program on the left hand side CNN.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: Here we go, I think this is the one that's most curious when we talked last night you'll remember that I showed you a.
Capstone Coach 1: An excel spreadsheet and i'm gonna i'm going to open that up here.
Jim Clark: versus the guessing.
Capstone Coach 1: Right, and this is, this is my way of running you know different scenarios and recording, then what I found.
Capstone Coach 1: And I think you will find it if you use the same spreadsheet.
Capstone Coach 1: you're going to find some information here, so what you can see what i'm recording I record the number of the pox.
Capstone Coach 1: The BAT size which very you can vary, and then the configuration of the different layers is captured in these columns and then the total number of weights.
Capstone Coach 1: The misclassification for train and validation for the training accuracy and validation accuracy, which is basically calculated from these misclassification numbers, right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, and then you have the difference in the training and validation accuracy and the execution time, so this is a sort of thing that I would record.
Capstone Coach 1: The what's going to be different, is what happens in this area, right here how many layers you have and how many preceptor bronze or neurons you put in each layer Now this is for the nlp case, what I can what you can do here is, you can say okay i'm going to create a new.
Jim Clark: In Syria, a word vote for the scene in case.
Jim Clark: What so you can just create another word but clone that and just create another word but that that's for the.
Capstone Coach 1: Exactly and that's what I was going to do here is just.
Capstone Coach 1: I think.
Capstone Coach 1: How do I claim this champ to I thought I thought I went to insert or you just.
Capstone Coach 1: gave you.
Jim Clark: So click on the worksheet Okay, we can do this it's like a worksheet right click.
Jim Clark: Oh, when you would you could do is you can copy that working paste it and then just wipe out the roads.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So I can just go like this copy the columns right.
Jim Clark: You copy it and then go and see to.
Capstone Coach 1: You then go to the cto and.
Capstone Coach 1: face it.
Fireman, Karen: For forgot how many can we don't have to even do that just go to the top.
Fireman, Karen: corner.
Jim Clark: Just really good at a one and hit paste.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh just good a one year and his face like that.
Capstone Coach 1: There we go, we got it.
Jim Clark: And then wipe out all the roads 10 through 21.
Capstone Coach 1: uh huh OK.
Jim Clark: And then.
let's.
Jim Clark: regulate the title on the workbook or.
Jim Clark: or a tile above so tracker which she is which.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Jim Clark: Good I do all the time.
Capstone Coach 1: And veteran Okay, so we just got I left the first row in there is a example of what I want to do.
Capstone Coach 1: right then down here i'm going to rename and what i'm going to do is i'm going to rename this guy CNN.
Capstone Coach 1: And the first guy i'm going to rename nlp.
Jim Clark: To great idea I like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Because there's a reason is these middle columns here are going to be a little different.
Capstone Coach 1: You have different information they know you have convolution going on, so the filter size and all that sort of thing comes into play.
Capstone Coach 1: So this is the format that I would use for them LP data case situation now what you could do if you're using that code you'll notice that I tried l one here and I that's the regularization using the one I did not try l to.
Capstone Coach 1: So you could, for instance, you could rerun these scenarios right in here, using nail to instead of L want to see what kind of difference if any.
Capstone Coach 1: may not make a difference that it might make right now what we were just trying to do that I was trying to do is just compare running the old one versus using drop it.
Capstone Coach 1: drop it as the other form of regularization and you'll you'll notice that, in some cases I use the third layer, which is the middle layer and some cases I did not, most of the time, I did not.
Capstone Coach 1: I was just running 784 and 10 so the output layers down and then nothing in between, but there are a few cases, so you can see from here that it's not exhaustive, all the possible examples are not in here.
Capstone Coach 1: You could change any of this and rerun a different scenario, for instance, you could instead of having a bad silo sorry layer one hears all 784.
Capstone Coach 1: So I was what i've always been why I was wondering what would happen if we cut that in half now that's the number of neurons in the first layer
Capstone Coach 1: Nice, I chose 784 because we have 784 inputs a 2828 photograph pests 784 digits or pixels so that's why I chose 784 but maybe maybe some multiple is a different number would would work or you notice, I did use something larger up here and it didn't really help.
Capstone Coach 1: So I know that but going under this I didn't try it out, and you know it might be might be, if you drop this up to half and then maybe put in a middle layer right here, maybe would do better, I don't know I haven't tried that so obviously.
Capstone Coach 1: Now here well we're going to need, we will need to set this up a little differently, we still have the pox and we still have that size.
Capstone Coach 1: But instead of layer one layer one here, you really have convolution one so i'm going to change that to sue and V1 and then you have pooling P O l one, and then you have convolution two.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you have pooling after that.
Capstone Coach 1: Then you have completion three I believe this.
Capstone Coach 1: And now i'm going to have to add some columns here so i'm going to put in a.
Capstone Coach 1: How do we do that okay somewhere around here.
Jim Clark: Or we just click on the column on the right click insert.
Jim Clark: insert.
Capstone Coach 1: off okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Something like that so.
Jim Clark: i've actually just push it to the right.
Capstone Coach 1: So in v3 and then pool three, I think it is.
Capstone Coach 1: And then we go to flatten.
Capstone Coach 1: And then one more.
Capstone Coach 1: So the this will be Latin.
Jim Clark: Latin and then it will be or.
alpha.
Capstone Coach 1: So I think that's the way it's structured, if you look at the code on this problem we have convolution to convolution to conclusion to and then flatten Oh, there is no pool three oh it just goes out with flattens everything down so that isn't there.
Capstone Coach 1: That there we go and now for each one of these, you have different combinations so for comic con one here, the number of filters is 64.
Capstone Coach 1: And for con, and this is the default conditions that are currently in the in the code, so you have 6864 filters and all all of these and in the pool you have.
Capstone Coach 1: Read.
The book.
Capstone Coach 1: Is.
Jim Clark: Renewing your line.
1832.
Capstone Coach 1: Exactly all the way across to and then flatten there is no parameters there, but that, then you have 10 neurons in the output side, so you could you could, by the way, there is no and regularization and the code right now.
Capstone Coach 1: that's something else that could be added, you could put regularization after any of these condition, you know convolutions here, you could you could put a regularization into their.
Capstone Coach 1: know the way you do that, actually, is here, and the con con CEO in the 2d there's an extra parameter and it's it's called Colonel activation I believe so, you want to.
Capstone Coach 1: Know it's down here you'll see it in the code actually in this example you just say activation I know.
Capstone Coach 1: Colonel regularization as Colonel regularization equals and then you'd put l one or two and then in parentheses, the actual value for the penalty.
Capstone Coach 1: And I think I showed that, in the other code if I go to switch over to the other code.
Capstone Coach 1: Right see where is that.
Capstone Coach 1: Right up here.
Capstone Coach 1: make it a little larger for you yeah so in the other code you'll see that it says, Colonel regularization is none, you can contain you can change that to Colonel regularization is equal to, and you know one option would be l one.
Capstone Coach 1: l one and then in in parenthesis one E minus six one to the minus six and.
Capstone Coach 1: That would be coming yeah so that's how you do regularization inside of the, why is it complaining about this.
Fireman, Karen: isn't he quotes.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, it doesn't like the little l that wants.
Capstone Coach 1: To go go, I think.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh no.
Capstone Coach 1: This is.
Capstone Coach 1: You have to say, regular cheese appear in the inputs its regular risers regular risers and then you so you have to have this input here from tensorflow charisse important regular risers and then down here, where I was working instead of putting just Ellen one where to go.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, oh that's for the.
Jim Clark: Red dot.
Capstone Coach 1: For you Okay, so I would have to go.
Capstone Coach 1: Something.
Capstone Coach 1: Right exactly you have to do for i'm going to move this over a little bit.
Capstone Coach 1: Instead of L one, you would have to say, regular risers.
Capstone Coach 1: Doc and then you can use the l one L two or l one l to you can you can use them both and if you're using just l one l to in parenthesis you to have the penalty.
Capstone Coach 1: And if you're using the other one which is a combination of L one l to you would have to finish these one for one and one for L two inside of these brackets parenthesis.
Capstone Coach 1: But ordinarily just l one or just lt by itself would be sufficient to experiment with, so this is what you're seeing here, you would do that and let's go back to the other code.
Capstone Coach 1: And i'm pretty sure this is going to be the same right in here after conflict inside of the con con 2d.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh upside didn't copy it okay let's try copying this again.
Capstone Coach 1: Go here.
Capstone Coach 1: And there we go that should be accepted the what so what this is going to do, I will test it out here, and just as i'm going to run this just to make sure that my I don't get an error here but Oh, let me make sure the inputs are up there, the regularization is.
Jim Clark: Is that yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: It is it's a so we're good with that and so now, if I run this what should happen, and now I would have to experiment, a little bit about the the penalty the regularization number in this case, one a minus six we might want to make that bigger or smaller, so it doesn't.
Capstone Coach 1: It doesn't show up in the model description, but it is being used because it wasn't Reno so rejected the syntax is OK.
Capstone Coach 1: But the up here doesn't really tell you anything about that now the other thing you can experiment with is instead of doing that form of regularization you could use.
Fireman, Karen: let's see.
Capstone Coach 1: model.ad and drop out.
Capstone Coach 1: And drop out.
Capstone Coach 1: Now the the small.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay that's.
Capstone Coach 1: It looks like it wants me to put a layers in here.
Capstone Coach 1: Doc drop out yeah that's what it wanted.
Capstone Coach 1: That this is required because of the way the import statements I don't have one from Cracow, so this is another form of regularization and what's going to happen here is instead of using an l one penalty it's going to drop some of the weights coming out of the second convolution.
Capstone Coach 1: let's turn this just to see, I think the box here is set to to, by the way, so there's, the results are the runs past, but the results are not very good.
Fireman, Karen: To work when I got an error with that.
Capstone Coach 1: With what.
Fireman, Karen: When I tried it for the regular.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Fireman, Karen: here's for regular or equal to work people Reza legalizers thought.
Fireman, Karen: I did anybody get that to work as I look.
Fireman, Karen: At the model that ad right yeah.
Fireman, Karen: But the comment.
Capstone Coach 1: Are you do you see what I did I did it I put it, you put it inside the CEO and the to the it's not separate.
Capstone Coach 1: that's why.
Capstone Coach 1: You see the way i've done it here.
Capstone Coach 1: see that.
Fireman, Karen: Inside the car okay I didn't get there i'm sorry Okay, thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: And then the drop out that's done a little differently that's that's done done as a separate layer a separate action, and so you see here in the.
Capstone Coach 1: The output, the description of the network, the word dropout explicit explicitly appears showing that it's being used and where it's being used in the configuration here so.
Capstone Coach 1: You can experiment with putting dropout after any of these con convolutions.
Capstone Coach 1: You can put one or two in the combination.
Capstone Coach 1: that's I would use one or the other but probably not both you mean regularization should work in either case, and then you might want to see Is it better to use l one or is it better to use drop out, but using them together in the same network of we're doing here is a little weird.
Capstone Coach 1: Usually I say probably use one or not, the other, the main thing you can experiment with, though, is the number of filters right here.
Capstone Coach 1: You change the number of filters and the number of weights changes dramatically so originally this was 64 i'm going to change it back to 64 so or you can see, the number of weights here is like 80,000.
Capstone Coach 1: Now that I have dropped out in here so drop out is going to read them may reduce some of the weights, but yeah it's 80,000.
Capstone Coach 1: The the big numbers, you can see where the bid, the first layer knots not the only 640 weights, but the the second convolution and the third convolution they really increase the number of weights that we're estimating right.
Capstone Coach 1: The trick to this business is to get a good filter but not too many weights, and so one way to achieve that is to actually eliminate like the third convolution So if you eliminated the third convolution then you're going to reduce the number of weights by 36,000 37,000 almost 37 right.
Capstone Coach 1: So we have three layers of con convolution you that's maybe you only need to maybe only need one.
Capstone Coach 1: So you can run those scenarios and, of course, you could run those scenarios split just commenting out the second or the third convolution here The other thing you can do is instead of using 64 let's see what happens if I put in 32 and and we'll see here i'm gonna stop it.
Capstone Coach 1: rerun.
Capstone Coach 1: And look what happens so instead of 30 almost 37,000 the number of weights in the second layer of convolution is 18,000 and the total number of weights goes from age and 61 see that.
Capstone Coach 1: And are we going to get a better fit or worse fit I don't know a good guide to have a run the whole thing.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's that's the sort of thing I was, I was thinking you might do and going back to the spreadsheet.
Capstone Coach 1: Where are we here yeah so you could, for example, put the one that I just did I run that ran 32 filters and convolution number one instead of 64 and then the total number of weights, instead of.
Capstone Coach 1: 80,000, or so it drops down to 61 514.
Capstone Coach 1: And now i'd have to actually run it all the way out to to get these other numbers that are here, the actual classification rates, but the here we have the number of the box and the batch size, so the number of the box let's see where would that be.
Capstone Coach 1: that's set down here in the code down here's number of the boxes so we'll make that 20 and the batch size is 128.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah that would this would be 128 32 is going to be slow.
Capstone Coach 1: So we did that I would also record in summer in your sheet the value you use for l one if you did yo it use it and the dropout rate and in our code, the dropout rate we have is you can experiment with that too that's Point two.
Capstone Coach 1: 0.2, so this is not 45 it's 0.2 like that just record that now, if I use dropout so I use dropout in this case I put it right after the the second convolution right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And so i'm going what i'm going to do, then, is i'm going to add an extra column.
Capstone Coach 1: here.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: move this over.
Capstone Coach 1: And here i'm going to call this drop out.
Capstone Coach 1: Well i'm going to call this regular regularization to, and so, if a regularization to we used to drop out right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, after four regularization number one I need to add another column in between these two like this, and I would put in REG one Monica and for this guy we have it set as l one.
Capstone Coach 1: l one regularization so this This describes the conditions that we that we have here in this particular case, so we're using 3432 filters and convolution regularization available on.
Capstone Coach 1: Max pool to two by two.
Capstone Coach 1: For the second layer we're using 64 filters and drop out.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, for the third layer also 64 flatten and then the output.
Capstone Coach 1: So, and then this, these are the numbers that are going to support the dropout and the regularization here okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So if I go back to the code now.
Capstone Coach 1: and run it for real.
Capstone Coach 1: Wait a minute did I already run it.
Capstone Coach 1: No, that was just too weak box so i'm going to start restart the kernel just to make sure.
Capstone Coach 1: everything looks good.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: and run okay like that.
Capstone Coach 1: So.
Jim Clark: we'll see like what you could do is set up, you know eight or 10 different cases and just give them different model number yeah and just let it run overnight.
Capstone Coach 1: Right yeah.
Jim Clark: and listen pick it up in the morning.
Capstone Coach 1: Or if you're doing your do your homework, or something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: This code, by the way, has the ability to run two models and there's a model, one and a model to so you could configure you can you can knock off two of them right there and then cannot change the conditions and run another and and then I would just use the spreadsheet that that.
Capstone Coach 1: That we're working with here.
Capstone Coach 1: As as a way of recording that information and then, when you when you turn in your homework and just turn in the spreadsheet and maybe a few words.
Capstone Coach 1: The best case was so and so or regularization didn't help you know the best convolution was so, and so you know that kind of thing and and the spreadsheet I think we can probably see can we save this as a PDF.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah you can, and is it come.
Fireman, Karen: On you can print it that way.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah Okay, and as well let's see it should be i'm trying to say I can save it as a pod pedia.
Capstone Coach 1: And I assume that it would it's readable so.
Capstone Coach 1: That would be cool just one sheet and or if you're going to have to you you're going to do both a bookcase scenarios me i'm just i'm mainly curious about the CNN because I didn't run this I played a little bit around them LP and the results that came out are kind of expected.
Capstone Coach 1: But here I didn't try any of this and I suspect, in other cases where i've done this, I find that the you don't need three layers of convolution.
Capstone Coach 1: Probably two are going to work pretty well so i'm betting my bets are that if you if you mask off the third layer of convolution and work just with the first two you'll probably get better results, but hey they haven't tried it Donna.
Jim Clark: Thank you for.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: Are you class just going there, otherwise okay.
Fireman, Karen: Is he.
Jim Clark: I guess we're just.
Jim Clark: yeah i've been for the capstone I think my slides.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, actually.
Jim Clark: be like my father in good shape now.
Capstone Coach 1: Right right, so I guess most of you have your capstones next week Is that correct.
Fireman, Karen: A lot of people do.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah i'm looking at some names here, I have, I have some next week next.
Capstone Coach 1: Tuesday and Wednesday, it looks like and Thursday and and then the the last few days, I think, after that so okay well good, well, good luck on all of that for you.
Capstone Coach 1: And I know you're going to be greatly relieved when this is all hope for sure.
Capstone Coach 1: But you know the funny thing is that when you finish your capstone, then you have your peer presentation.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah no.
Capstone Coach 1: that's not as.
Capstone Coach 1: stressful I guess after a few of the cast on you're done.
Jim Clark: or like it'd be a lot shorter and the.
Jim Clark: Things that maybe it's a purpose, and those are the main.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yeah and so i'm looking forward to seeing that so if there are any other questions or comments.
Fireman, Karen: Thank you very much.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, thank you for showing up for a while there, I thought I was gonna I was gonna be all alone.
Fireman, Karen: I couldn't get you I was trying to sign on but I couldn't get you.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yeah I don't know what happened.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't know well, I I signed on and no I don't know I guess it didn't think I was the host or something.
Fireman, Karen: Right you right if you don't sign in and you're just in then it's waiting for the host but it's waiting for you yeah.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, just that it was waiting for the host sign it if it's you and i'm like.
Capstone Coach 1: All right.
Capstone Coach 1: Thank you so much okay.
Jim Clark: thanks for the best suggestions.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah thanks for coming appreciate.
Fireman, Karen: appreciate it bye.
Capstone Coach 1: bye bye now.